Waaaai!
I’m the girl who likes Virtual YouTubers!!
The Virtual YouTubers are great, right?
Eh?
Here’s a virtual girl that likes Keyakizaka46?
If I don’t watch her, who will?
So I’ll go see her
Man! A really cute girl appeared! Right?
I see...
The virtual girl that likes Keyakizaka46 is dancing!
She is very skilled! Right?
It's great, how adorable!
She’s incredibly beautiful!
You’re great, Onee-chan!
She got more intense!
Can she get so intense?
Incredible! Incredible! Incredible!
Oh...
Here comes the chorus
What do you plan to do during the chorus?
She doesn't do it!
You don’t plan to do the chorus? Why?
Do it! Do it! Do it!
She doesn't do it!!
Why don’t you do the chorus?
Do it! Why? Do it! Do it! Please! Please!
The first chorus has ended now
She doesn't do it!!
You don’t plan to do anything during the chorus? Really? Why?
Do it! Do it! Do it!
She’s not doing it!
Please! Please! She doesn’t intend to do anything!
What does this mean? What does it mean?
She doesn't intend to do anything!!
The name of the channel in which I appear that way is...
A.I.Channel!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Vortex
Nyanko Star is a lot of fun!
(Japanese comic duo)